Missing 16-year-old girl from elite NYC prep school disappeared from Bronx home
Jezlieanne Colon attends Nightingale-Bamford School, the real-life inspiration for Gossip Girl

A 16-year-old girl on scholarship at an elite Manhattan prep school jetted out of her family's Bronx home on Saturday afternoon and now her mother fears she may be in danger.

"She just abruptly walked out the door on Saturday – didn't say anything, just walked out," Kimberly Valera, Jezlieanne Colon's mother, told Fox News Digital on Monday. "I haven't heard from her since."

Jezlieanne Colon, 16, abruptly left her Bronx home on Saturday afternoon.
Jezlieanne Colon, 16, abruptly left her Bronx home on Saturday afternoon.  (Kimberly Valera)

Colon is a scholarship student at the all-female Nightingale-Bamford School on Manhattan's Upper East Side.

MADELEINE MCCAN: PORTUGUESE PROSECUTORS IDENTIFY SUSPECT IN PROBE OF MISSING GIRL

She attended most of her freshman year remotely from home due to the coronavirus pandemic, but started having problems at school when she began her sophomore year in-person last fall, her mother said.

Jezlieanne Colon started attending Nightingale-Bamford School, the real-life inspiration for Gossip Girl, in September 2020.
Jezlieanne Colon started attending Nightingale-Bamford School, the real-life inspiration for Gossip Girl, in September 2020.  (Kimberly Valera)

Valera said she believes someone may have picked her daughter up after she left their home in the Bronx neighborhood of Castle Hill between 3:30 and 4:00 p.m.

"We don't believe she left on the train because she disappeared from the area so fast," Valera said. "Her brother left immediately after her to see if he could find her and he didn't."

Jezlieanne Colon's phone was turned off about an hour after she left her Bronx home on Saturday.
Jezlieanne Colon's phone was turned off about an hour after she left her Bronx home on Saturday.  (Kimberly Valera)

Colon's phone has been turned off since around 5:00 p.m. on Saturday, but she was active on other social media apps

"When we went into her computer, we noticed that that night that she left, she logged in to her Snapchat account at 8:00, at 10:30, and at 1:00 a.m. I don't know what device she logged into, because her phone was off. I don't know, maybe she has access to it through somebody else," Valera said.

The Nightingale-Bamford School, an independent K-12 girls' school, is seen here in New York City, U.S., August 18, 2018.
The Nightingale-Bamford School, an independent K-12 girls' school, is seen here in New York City, U.S., August 18, 2018.  (REUTERS/Brendan McDermid)

Nightingale-Bamford School, which costs $59,000 a year, is the real-life inspiration for the fictional Constance Billard School for Girls in the TV series "Gossip Girl." The author of the original "Gossip Girl" novels, Cecily von Ziegesar, graduated from Nightingale-Bamford School in 1988.

"We have been in regular contact with her family and we have offered all the support we can to assist in their efforts to locate her," Thomas Hein, the communications director for Nightingale-Bamford School, told Fox News Digital on Monday.

"We are deeply concerned for her well-being, and remain committed to ensuring her safe return."

A spokesperson for Nightingale-Bamford School said they are in touch with Jezlieanne Colon's family.
A spokesperson for Nightingale-Bamford School said they are in touch with Jezlieanne Colon's family.  (Kimberly Valera)

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Anyone with information about Colon's disappearance can call NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477) or 1-888-57-PISTA (74782) for Spanish.

Paul Best is a reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to Paul.best@fox.com and on Twitter: @KincaidBest.
